STP-3470: Clarify SAT 2.5 and IUF relationship in integration (#86)
Cray-HPE/docs-sat: docs/usage/sat_and_iuf.md

```

The default file is assuming that system-specific Ansible configuration changes
for the COS product in VCS are stored in a branch named
`"{{cos.working_branch}}"`. SAT bootprep looks for a branch name (with all
variable values resolved) from which to create CFS configuration layers. For
example, `integration-2.5.99` for COS 2.5.99.

You can create VCS working branches that are not the default bootprep input file
branch names. For example, to use the branch `integration` for COS instead of
`"{{cos.working_branch}}"`, edit the bootprep input file so it reads as
follows.

```yaml
- name: cos-ncn-{{cos.working_branch}}
  playbook: ncn.yml
  product:
    name: cos
    version: "{{cos.version}}"
    branch: integration
```

### Edit Default Management CFS Configuration Names

The default bootprep input file for management NCNs (`management-bootprep.yaml`)
uses the value `management-{{recipe.version}}` as the name of the CFS
configuration. This value uses a Jinja2 template to include the HPC CSM Software
Recipe version in the name of the CFS configuration. For example, when `sat
bootprep` is run against the default bootprep input file in HPC CSM Software

> Recipe version `23.05`, a configuration named `management-23.05` is created.

Reviewer: There have been some changes since I wrote this line. Because we need to conform to [SemVer](https://semver.org/) formatting, we do not zero-pad the second component of the version string, and we always include the third component, set to zero for the first release of a recipe. As far as I know, we still do use the two-component version with a zero-padded month in documentation and release communications. Last I heard, we are also planning to release Alice in April, so it will be versioned as 23.04 in release communications, and this version will be 23.4.0. So you could change this line to:

```suggestion
Recipe version 23.04, a configuration named `management-23.4.0` is created.
```

Reviewer: Or, if we want to only use the SemVer formatted version, we could say:

```suggestion
Recipe version `23.4.0`, a configuration named `management-23.4.0` is created.
```

I can't decide which is better.

Author: @haasken-hpe, I believe Sarah's new _HPE Cray EX System Software Stack Installation and Upgrade Guide for CSM
(S-8052)_ is still using the "23.04" format. For that reason, I'm going to go with your first suggestion and update throughout.

To focus this PR more on the SAT and IUF relationship, I'm going to add this change to PR #88 instead. PR #88 will be merged shortly, and I'll rebase our other PRs to include it.

Author: Note that the team ultimately decided to remove this section and place it in the CSM docs instead.

This default management CFS configuration name might be acceptable for your
system. However, it is possible to use a different name. `sat bootprep` creates
any and all configurations in the input file. For example, to create a CFS
configuration named `management-test`, edit the file as follows:

```yaml
configurations:
- name: management-test
  layers:
  ...
```

For management configurations, use `sat status` to identify the current
desired configuration for each of the management nodes.

```screen
ncn-m001# sat status --fields xname,role,subrole,desiredconfig --filter role=management

> +----------------+------------+---------+------------------+
> | xname          | Role       | SubRole | Desired Config   |
> +----------------+------------+---------+------------------+
> | x3000c0s1b0n0  | Management | Master  | management-23.05 |
> | x3000c0s3b0n0  | Management | Master  | management-23.05 |
> | x3000c0s5b0n0  | Management | Master  | management-23.05 |
> | x3000c0s7b0n0  | Management | Worker  | management-23.05 |
> | x3000c0s9b0n0  | Management | Worker  | management-23.05 |
> | x3000c0s11b0n0 | Management | Worker  | management-23.05 |
> | x3000c0s13b0n0 | Management | Worker  | management-23.05 |
> | x3000c0s17b0n0 | Management | Storage | management-23.05 |
> | x3000c0s19b0n0 | Management | Storage | management-23.05 |
> | x3000c0s21b0n0 | Management | Storage | management-23.05 |
> | x3000c0s25b0n0 | Management | Worker  | management-23.05 |
> +----------------+------------+---------+------------------+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+----------------+------------+---------+-------------------+
| xname          | Role       | SubRole | Desired Config    |
+----------------+------------+---------+-------------------+
| x3000c0s1b0n0  | Management | Master  | management-23.4.0 |
| x3000c0s3b0n0  | Management | Master  | management-23.4.0 |
| x3000c0s5b0n0  | Management | Master  | management-23.4.0 |
| x3000c0s7b0n0  | Management | Worker  | management-23.4.0 |
| x3000c0s9b0n0  | Management | Worker  | management-23.4.0 |
| x3000c0s11b0n0 | Management | Worker  | management-23.4.0 |
| x3000c0s13b0n0 | Management | Worker  | management-23.4.0 |
| x3000c0s17b0n0 | Management | Storage | management-23.4.0 |
| x3000c0s19b0n0 | Management | Storage | management-23.4.0 |
| x3000c0s21b0n0 | Management | Storage | management-23.4.0 |
| x3000c0s25b0n0 | Management | Worker  | management-23.4.0 |
+----------------+------------+---------+-------------------+
```

Author: Updated in previous commit

```

To overwrite the desired configuration using `sat bootprep`, ensure the bootprep
input file specifies to create a configuration with the same name

> (`management-23.05` in the example above). To create a different configuration,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(`management-23.4.0` in the example above). To create a different configuration,
```

Author: Updated in previous commit

ensure the bootprep input file specifies to create a configuration with a

> different name than the desired configuration (different than `management-23.05`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
different name than the desired configuration (different than `management-23.4.0`
```

Author: Updated in previous commit

# SAT and IUF

The Install and Upgrade Framework (IUF) provides commands which install,
upgrade, and deploy products on systems managed by CSM with the help of

> `sat bootprep`. Outside of IUF, you will rarely need to use `sat bootprep`.

Reviewer: I would maybe weaken this statement just a bit. Perhaps "uncommon" instead of "rare". And maybe remove "you".

```suggestion
`sat bootprep`. It is uncommon to use `sat bootprep` outside the context
of the IUF.
```

Author: Changing in the next commit to "Outside of IUF, it is uncommon to use `sat bootprep`."

For more information on IUF, see the
[IUF section](https://cray-hpe.github.io/docs-csm/en-14/operations/iuf/iuf/) of

> the [Cray System Management Documentation](https://cray-hpe.github.io/docs-csm/).

Author: I was trying to mirror how Dean Roe told us to reference this section when we created the new [installation instructions for SAT](https://github.com/Cray-HPE/docs-sat/blob/integration/docs/install.md). @haasken-hpe, is it ok if we leave this for consistency?

> the [Cray System Management Documentation](https://cray-hpe.github.io/docs-csm/).

Reviewer: Yes, totally fine.
